it's a motor racing bicycle, remember the movie that went crazy
June on yutub suggested that fabian cancellara had used me
a similar to win the tour of the Flanders Paris lube he denied
but it seems that some other professional b used we have
could try it
some data to have a point of reference I am 49 and a half years like
you see I am at least 10 min and overweight but I train regularly
from the beginning of this year put together at 8 thousand kilometers and now we see that
what can this bike do?
now they are 30 kilometers an hour
frequency 103 portion naz. let's see what
practically unchanged mass frequency
Won earned 4 kilometers per hour
we are 39 then
the fragrance begins to rise we make it go to the motor
the impression is disappointing the yield is good and regimes lower when yes
pedal all the help and the minimum is also said that the engine we have
used delivers up to 160 watts of power but can go up to 300
practically double
just change a city card to activate it if you press the button
hidden under the bomb that covers the brake levers
it makes a lot of noise but if you want that too you can eliminate it
battery
and inside a water bottle and has more than 50 minutes of autonomy
in short, there are those who cannot be seen but are easy to discover
all see the bottle because
yes no too much poplars two goats
you notice that Luke Betti is the age the battery transmits to the control unit
use it for a race therefore very very risky besides who sells it keeps to
specify that the bike will reach the customer with a 200 watt motor and with
that noise that makes it immediately recognizable
who then will eventually change it will do it at his own risk and
danger
the idea of ​​producing it in series came to David Boifava
bon runner in the 70s
he is a great sports director in the 80s and 90s when he drove battalions
visentiini lipsticks in pucci and pantani the basic model cost 8000 euros are
already ordered 50
the first four will be delivered in December a bike for those who have a certain
age but not for those who want to stay behind the most trained friends or for whom
he wants to have fun making fun of his fellow travelers
however eye the bottle